# Automation-Bot-for-typing-website-Typewriter
I made this bot with the help of ChatGPT on the base of patrickcerny´s bot (https://github.com/patrickcerny/typewriterBot).



How to Use: 
1. Paste this Python Script into VS Code for example and save it as typewriterbot.py or just download the raw file.
   
2. Download the batch file start_typewriter.bat and save it alongside to the typewriterbot.py in an empty folder.
   
3. To run it right click the bat file and click "run as administrator", make sure you have python 3.12.10 or higher on your Pc installed, the script will install all dependencies like selenium on its own and create a settings.json file to store your data that you provide it later.
   
4. It is going to open a small gui, you put your Username in the first input field and your password into the second (for the website typewriter.at). Under Password is a small checkbox, tick it if you want to save your username and password in the settings.json file. In the Browser dropdown menu you select c for Chrome f for Firefox and e for edge, the slider underneath it is for the typingspeed in character fer minute, after that is another dropdown menu for different levels of the bot, (sry for the german) perfekt is max speed with no mistakes, anfänger is with a lot of mistakes and really slow and fortgeschritten is the one I would recommend using because you can customise spee and the precentage of mistakes the bot should make. Once you have selected fortgeschritten and you want you bot to make some mistakes to make it seem mor human tick the box Tippfehler simulieren, under that at "Basis-Fehlerquote" you enter the percent chance that the bot takes each letter to determine if it should make a mistake so smth like 1.5 is good (if you want to enter decimal numbers you have to youse a . instead of a , otherwise it wont work) under "Basis-Fehlerquote" is "Chance für zusätzlichen Fehler..." wich means Chance for additional mistake after a mistake to simulate the nervousness of a person after making a mistake. Now you have to enter how many excercises the bot should do in "Anzahl Übungen". The one under it you can leave empty if you want to do lessons normally, you could if you selected in the Modus dropdown above excercise instead of login paste the url of your lesson in the input field at the bottom(it doesnt always work, just leave it on login). After you are happy with what you have entered you can hit start and the bot will automatically open the browser of your choice (if you have it installed) open the typewriter website, iput you login credentials and start the next lesson and do as many as you told it to do, once it´s finished it will close the browser window again and stop itself, you then can close the gui or hit start again to do the next lessons.
